# Prediction_and_Data_Analysis_on_Airline_Passenger_Satisfaction

The project helps to the conclusion that perceived service quality has a beneficial impact on passenger satisfaction. The airline industry operates in extremely difficult conditions. As a result, company manager must understand that enhancing service quality is critical to achieving and maintaining corporate development and competitiveness. According to the findings of this study, high service quality boosts passenger happiness, which encourages them to use the same service provider again in the future.Hence, business managers should recognize that improving service quality is crucial for gaining and sustaining business growth and competitiveness.

Some of the finding in the preojects are age also affects the passengers satisfaction level. The project shows that different age group have different expectations with airlines services.When the quality of check-in services improves, the percentage of satisfied consumers rises.The majority of customers were pleased with the cleanliness.When it comes to in-flight wifi, travellers' satisfaction levels 2 and 3 are higher than the other levels.The majority of passengers rated their food and beverage satisfaction on a scale of 3 to 5.

It indicates that the available food and beverages are well-satisfied. The majority of passengers chose 3 to 5 levels of seat comfort pleasure. The majority of passengers who choose seat comfort levels 4 and 5 are pleased with the airline. Travellers in business class have more legroom than passengers in economy and eco-plus classes. The majority of passengers who chose levels 4 and 5 for onboard service satisfaction are happy with the airline.

The airline industry operates in extremely difficult conditions. As a result, company manager must understand that enhancing service quality is critical to achieving and maintaining corporate development and competitiveness.
